David oh man I think women can do
anything just because they can doesn't
mean they should that's just the way you
outstanding agents
you have a new client
how is she I can't sleep at night I'm
the lead programmer on a product that
can revolutionize the power industry but
there is a possibility it can be
weaponized ulema
me too I'm Jane
who are you embossing
welcome to the pounds of agencies we
exist because traditional law
enforcement can keep ax unelected boy
they're like lady spies thanks for
wearing my face oh god what did you do
to spend my compressed his carotid and
deoxygenated his brain stem that sounds
painful don't worry he's gonna wake up
unless he doesn't Sabina runs the ground
game sandal stuff let's get the weapon
before it becomes every bad guy's
favorite new toy take her to the closet
cheer her up we're gonna need some wigs
toy
we're still in the first posit there's
another closet let's just stop the
touching some of these blows up
[Music]
Shayne are you flirting with a handsome
nerd host no
[Music]
how'd that feel cuz it looked like it
felt really good I fell nice
[Music]
good morning angels morning charlie